hey this is JT wisdom coming back at you
and I wanted to talk about a vanity and
in a vanity and stool and I wanted a
vanity where I could be able to put all
my makeup in all my lip gloss everything
all in one location oh it seems like
four years I have always wanted to try
to find a central location to put my
makeup my lip gloss my mineral veil all
that kind of stuff all in one location
and so what I want to do now is is that
my hubby is gonna do a full-length view
of the vanity and the stool because the
vanity the vanity came with a stool and
we purchased it and it came from we were
doing like this search online so we
searched and found this online shop
called mercanti leah and it's it was a
great deal they actually did white glove
service free shipping white glove
service and they actually brought the
been inside the home so first off what
we'll do is just show the vandy and then
I kind of talked about like what I put
in it and that kind of stuff so here we
go
okay so this is what I always wanted
something where I didn't want it because
when I was a little girl I had like you
probably remember those days where it
was white it was like a little van he
had a little mirror to it and it was
really nice well for one thing my legs
don't fit underneath that no more so I
needed to have something that was adult
and that really looked really nice so
this is kind of I could say this will be
my I guess you could say like my
dressing room we're kind of painting and
doing kind of stuff and kind of read
redoing the room and and and so this
just seems perfect it's cherry wood it's
a cherry solid bullet and it came with
it came with this stool and this is just
in it I mean this is just typical me I
just love this type of stuff this cap
speeds as possible so so I sit down I
can like I can like look the mirror is
full then I can have my magnifying
mirror I feel that I am left handed so
this is wonderful that everything all my
drawers are mostly on the left side I'll
open the drawers and show you I've done
it I'm still kind of getting you know
getting my everything hi supposed to be
but like right now I have all my brush
like well not all but most of my brushes
i have my brushes here and um I and i'm
just still working with things but i
have my brushes here and that seems to
be working real well and it has it has
six drawers and in the top drawer i have
like the things that i'm using right now
like what I use on I have my doggy up
here
so I have to hold my doggie at the same
time I talked about this he's a beagle
mmm his name is Jill so he's a little
little high bracket um in the second
drawer I have all my Smashbox I shadows
a full coverage facial powder Smashbox
halo blush lip gloss and in third drawer
I have I used Smashbox I used a bare
escentuals cosmetics so I have on my
shadows my foundation mineral veil all
that in my fourth drawer I have more
bare essentials some lipsticks and all
that I have all that everything all in
one place this is just great that
everything all this in one place it's
just so cool and in this drawer i have i
have my bare essentials eyeshadows bare
essentials blush mineral veil and i have
all that in there and then i still have
room for more and then in this drawer I
have more as you can tell hey do I like
bare essentials just a little bit so I
have more pair essential products more
buxom buxom lip gloss more I shadows and
that sort of thing and there's also
there's also a second here excusing my
dogs just very hyperactive today I have
this door here well I was not a drummer
is really like a door that you can also
put like your fashion necklaces and
stuff like that to the side and that
works out really well for me so um it's
a great piece I really like how it looks
I think
really looks really nice and because i'm
actually looking for a cherry wood
bedroom suit so i just really like like
this so like you know if you wanted like
I know if I wanted to like move to a
different home or something like that I
know it could transfer really well so I
just wanted to kind of show the how how
it looks and how it actually is a piece
of furniture in how it does not look
childish it looks very nice the mirror
is is actually you can move the mirror
it's just really a nice piece of
furniture so if you want to check out a
vanity or something like that try
American tell you because I know we got
a really good deal on it so um but we
did purchase it didn't get nothin for
free we purchased it but it was with an
awesome price so um so just wanted to
kind of do I know Tracey had put up a
video of a vanity that she that she had
bought it looked really nice and I just
wanted to show my cuz I had been looking
for something like this for a long time
so as I always say jesus loves you and
until next time
you